Now that we've got this order status put together, let's figure out what's going on with this ticket
doc reference right here.
So remember, we want to replicate all the different tickets that are being created inside of our ticket
service over to the order service as well.
Then on each of our different order documents, we're going to provide a reference over to the ticket
that this order is trying to allow a user to purchase.
So in just a moment, we're going to create another model inside of our models directory.
And this model is going to create this idea of a ticket inside of our order service.
We're going to access these tickets and associate them with the orders through the population system
or the reference system in Mongoose.
Let me very quickly give you an example of how that code or how that mongoose stuff is going to work.
So there's really three different scenarios we need to worry about here.
I wrote out the three different scenarios in code rather than the diagram, because the diagram is kind
of hard to understand when it comes to just strictly code and how we actually write the code out.
So the three things we need to understand how to do is how to associate an existing order in a ticket
together.
How to associate an existing ticket with a brand new order that is about to be created.
And then finally, how to fetch an order from our database and the associated ticket that is, or the
ticket that is associated with it.
So first case right here, how do we associate a existing order and ticket together?
Well, we're going to pull the ticket in order out of the database.
We're then going to take that ticket and set it on the ticket, property of the order, and then save
the order to the database.
That's pretty much it.
That's how this ref system works with Mongoose.
If we want to associate an existing ticket with a new order.
So this really very much is what we are about to do inside of our new handler.
We're going to pull the ticket out of the database.
We're then going to try to build an order.
And for the ticket property, we're going to assign the ticket that we just pulled out of the database.
We would then save the order to the database.
Like so.
And then finally, whenever we want to figure out what order is associated with what given ticket,
we'll do a query for an order.
And on that query, we're going to also add in this little populate method to it.
So we'll call it populate, provide the name of the record or the key on the order that we want to populate.
In this case, it is ticket because we are setting that ticket property right there.
Then when Magus goes and finds this order inside the database, it will also fetch the associated with
ticket with it as well, and we can then access that ticket off of the order by writing out.
Order, date ticket.
So, for example, if we wanted to know the price of the ticket would do order ticket price, if we
wanted to know the title of the ticket order title ticket.
And that's pretty much it.
So to get all this stuff working, we've already set up the order itself correctly.
We just have to also add in a new model for a ticket as well.
That's pretty much it.
So let's pause right here.
We're going to come back the next video, create a model for our ticket.